>> On a new series,
"Dragonfly enLightning Talks."
>> We are losing 10
neurochemicals after the age
of 40.
And we're not talking about it.
>> You haven't completely
managed your whole lifestyle,
your mental, your spiritual,
emotional, and you want more.
>> This week on Gaia,
on "Divine Science."
>> DMT is unique for its
profound near-death-like
experiences that propel the
mind into realms of expanded
consciousness.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> And it's nothing on any kind
of medical journal or any kind
of medical textbook that's
going to tell you, hey,
this is what this life form is.
They have no clue.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> We have a little bit of
extraterrestrial within us.
And the more that we can connect
to ourselves at a deeper level,
the more we can connect
to extraterrestrials
beyond this planet.
>> Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]